Sloppy Joes
1 lb. hamburger
1 medium onion, chopped
3 T. catsup
2 T. mustard
1 can chicken gumbo soup
6 buns
In medium skillet, cook and stir hamburger and onion until meat is brown and onion is tender.
Stir in catsup, mustard and soup.
Simmer 15 minutes or more until mixture thickens slightly, stirring occasionally.
Serve with buns.

Rueben Sandwiches
rye bread
Russian dressing
1 lb. Swiss or provolone
1 lb. corned beef
sauerkraut, drained
butter
Spread butter on rye bread.
Top with corned beef, sauerkraut, and cheese.
Spread with Russian dressing.
I put it in the oven at 350 or 400 until the cheese melts (about 5-10 minutes).
You can also make the sandwich and wrap in foil and heat until cheese is melted or you can grill it.

Rueben Quesadillas
tortillas, Russian dressing, cheese, corned beef, sauerkraut, 10” tortillas (can be flavored)
Basically the same ingredients as above.
Spread 2 T. dressing on tortilla.
Layer 1/4 corned beef, 1/4 sauerkraut, 2 cheese slices onto half of each tortilla.
Fold tortillas in half.
Heat skillet coated with Pam.
Cook 2-3 minutes on each side until brown and cheese is melted.
Serve

Shredded Beef Sandwiches
3-4 lb. arm cut roast or chuck roast, boneless
onion soup mix
salt, pepper
bouillon cube (I use about 4)
buns
Put that stuff on top of the roast and pour water over the meat.
Cook in slow oven 275 for 5 or 6 hours.
When meat is tender, pull apart with forks.
You can also do it overnight or in a crock pot.

Grilled Chicken Fingers
2 lbs. chicken tenders
3 T. honey
3 T. lemon juice
1 1/2 t. ketchup
1/4 t. cumin
1 t. salt
In dish combine honey, lemon juice, ketchup, salt, and cumin.
I generally double the amount of marinade.
Put chicken in zip lock bag and pour marinade over.
Toss to coat.
Marinade in refrigerator at least one hour, up to 8 hours (I also do it overnight sometimes).
Drain chicken and discard marinade.
I usually cook it in the oven at 350 for 30 minutes, or you can grill them.

Planet Hollywood Chicken Crunch
Vegetable oil for frying
2 boneless, skinless chicken breast halves (or tenders)
2 c. Capt. Crunch cereal
1/2 c. corn flake crumbs
1/2 t. onion powder
1/2 t. garlic powder
1/2 t. salt
1/4 t. pepper
1 beaten egg
1 c. milk
Preheat oil to 350.
I do it in the deep fryer at 350 for 4 min. 30 sec.
I use tenders, but if you use breast halves, cut them into strips.
Smash cracker crumbs.
Combine cereals, and spices.
Mix egg with milk.
Dredge chicken in milk, then coat with the cereal mix.
Do this to all your tenders.
Fry.
Drain on paper towels.
Serve with Creole mustard Sauce.
Creole Mustard Sauce:
2 T. Grey Poupon Dijon mustard
3 T. mayo
1 t. mustard
1 t. cream style horseradish
1 t. honey.
Mix together.

Sandra Lee’s Chicken Tenders
1/2 c. flour
1/2 packet southwest steak marinade mix
pepper
3 c. corn flakes
Mix egg and 1/2 c. buttermilk
1 lb. tenders
Combine flour, marinade and pepper.
Soak chicken in buttermilk, toss into flour, shake off and dip in milk again, then crumbs.
Fry until done (my deep fryer is 4 min. 30 sec.).
Paula Deen’s honey mustard is good with them:
3/4 c. mayo
3 T. honey
2 T. mustard
1 T. lemon juice or juice from 1/2 lemon
horseradish to taste
2 T. orange juice
Combine all except orange juice; stir well.
Thin to pouring consistency for dressing or dipping consistency for dips with orange juice.
Cover and chill for 2-3 hours.

Ham Buns
1/2 lb. ham
1/2 lb. Swiss
2 sticks butter
2 T. spicy mustard
1/4 c. brown sugar
3 T. poppy seeds
3 T. Worcestershire
24 Pepperidge farm dinner rolls
Slice buns and divide ham and cheese equally between buns.
Put tops back on buns.
Melt butter and combine remaining ingredients.
Spoon over buns, cover and refrigerate at least 2 hours but overnight is better.
Bake 350 for 15-20 minutes.

Ham & Cheese Sandwich
Combine:
1/4 c. butter
1/4 c. mayo
3 T. Creole mustard
1 T. onion
2 t. poppy seeds.
Mix together.
Buns
ham
cheese
Spread butter on buns.
Top with ham and cheese.
Wrap in foil.
Can freeze.
Bake frozen at 350 for 1 hour, or bake unfrozen at 350 for 20-30 minutes.

Ham Biscuits
refrigerator biscuits
chopped deli meat
cheese
Press biscuits into a 5” round.
Fill with meat and cheese.
Fold edge over and seal with a fork.
Bake at 400 for 10-13 minutes.

Wendy’s Spicy Chicken
Mix together:
1/3 c. Frank’s red hot sauce
2/3 c. water
Mix together:
1 c. flour
2 1/2 t. salt
3 t. cayenne (or more)
1/2 t. garlic powder
1/2 t. paprika
1 t. pepper and onion powder
Buns
breast fillets
mayo
lettuce
tomato
I take a beast and beat to about 1/4-1/2” thickness.
I cut each breast to a size that will fit a bun.
Coat breast in flour, then pepper sauce, then in flour again.
Fry in pan or deep fryer at 350 for 8-12 minutes, until brown and crispy,
I usually do it 8 minutes.

Spicy Shrimp Burgers (Rachel Ray)
1 lb. peeled, raw shrimp
1 celery stalk, chopped
1/2-1 onion, chopped
1 garlic
1/2 green pepper, seeded, chopped
1 T. Old Bay seafood seasoning
salt , pepper 1/2 t. cayenne or 1 t. Tabasco hot sauce
1 lemon, zest
2 T. olive oil
4 English muffins
1/4 c. mayo
1/4 c. chili sauce or salsa or taco sauce
lettuce
handful parsley
Divide shrimp in half.
Put half the shrimp into food processor and grind it up.
Put in a bowl.
Add remaining whole shrimp to bowl.
Add celery, onion, bell pepper, garlic, parsley to processor and grind it into a fine chop.
Add veggie mix to shrimp.
Add old bay, cayenne, lemon zest, salt and pepper to bowl to season.
Stir to combine.
Preheat skillet.
Add olive oil.
Using a large scoop, scoop 4 mounds of shrimp mix into pan.
Gently pat down.
Fry 3-5 minutes on each side, until they firm up and shrimp turn whitish pink.
Split and toast muffins or buns.
Mix mayo, chili sauce.
Place burger on bun bottom top with lettuce, sauce and top of bun.

Wraps
tortillas
meat
shredded cheese
red/green peppers
sliced olives
lettuce
tomato
Sauce:
I use a couple different ones--I frequently spread garden vegetable cream cheese on tortilla and top with stuff.
Another way is spread mayo
on tortilla and then top with salsa and top with stuff.
Another one is mix 8 oz. cr. cheese with Ranch dressing, top with stuff.
To fold, fold right and left edges to center over filling, fold bottom toward center and roll until completely wrapped.
(See tortilla wrapper).
I generally fold up the bottom and top, fold one side over and roll up (because I always overfill it).
Also, I wrap in saran wrap and then refrigerate until I need it.
If you like it warm heat at 400 for 12-15 minutes.

Stromboli Wraps
4 flavored wraps (garlic herb)
1/3 c. butter
6 T. parmesan cheese
4 oz. salami
4 oz. provolone
4 oz. capicolla or ham
1/2 c. (4 oz. jar) roasted bell peppers
4 oz. mozzarella cheese
marinara or pizza sauce, heated
Lightly spread one side of each wrap with butter; sprinkle with 1 T. parmesan.
Arrange one fourth each of provolone, salami, capicolla and roasted peppers (cut in strips) over center of wrap, leaving border around edges.
Sprinkle each with 1/4 of the mozzarella.
Fold up wrap fashion.
Place seam side down on baking sheet.
Brush with remaining butter and sprinkle with parmesan.
Bake 12-15 minutes or until golden brown.
Serve with marinara or pizza sauce.

Three Meat Stromboli
4 loaves (1 lb. each) frozen bread dough, thawed
1/2 lb. salami, ham, pepperoni
1/2 lb. provolone
2 c. shredded mozzarella
1/2 c. Romano or Parmesan cheese
1 T. garlic powder, dried oregano
1 t. parsley flakes and pepper
1 egg yolk, beaten
Let dough rise until doubled, according to package directions.
Punch down.
Roll each loaf into a 15 x 12” rectangle.
Arrange a fourth of the salami, ham, pepperoni and provolone over each rectangle.
Sprinkle each with a fourth of the mozzarella, romano, garlic powder, oregano, parsley and pepper.
Roll up beginning with the long side.
Seal seams and ends.
Place seam down on 2 greased cookie sheets.
Brush with egg yolk.
Bake at 375 for 25-30 minutes or until golden brown.
Let stand 5 minutes before slicing.
Serve warm.

Emeril’s Stromboli
1/2 lb. hot Italian sausage, removed from casing and crumbled
1 c. onions
1/2 c. thin sliced red and green peppers
2 T. jalapenos
2 T. garlic
1 t. Italian seasoning
1/2 lb. ham
1/4 c. pepperoni or salami
1/2 c. black olives
2 c. provolone
2 c. mozzarella
1 egg beaten with 1 T. water
1 c. Parmesan
In a skillet cook the sausage over medium high heat until browned and the fat is rendered, about 5 minutes.
Remove and drain.
Discard all but 1 T. fat from pan.
Add the onions, bell peppers, and jalapenos and cook, stirring until very soft 4-5 minutes.
Add the garlic and Italian seasoning and cook, stirring for 1 minute.
Remove from heat and cool.
Make a pizza dough (or buy) or use frozen, thawed bread.
Roll dough out to 10 x 14 inches.
Overlapping slightly, layer half of the ham, pepperoni, olives, provolone and mozzarella over the top.
Using a pastry brush, paint the border of 1 long edge with egg wash.
Starting at the opposite long end without egg wash, roll up the dough into a cylinder, pinching the edges to seal.
Place on a baking sheet and repeat with the remaining ingredients.
Let dough rise 20-30 minutes.
Brush top of each with egg wash.
Bake until golden brown and crisp about 20 minutes.
Sprinkle with Parmesan and cook until cheese is melted about 5 minutes.
Emeril made his own dough, but you can do your own thing.

Janetta’s Sandwiches
2 boxes Steak-ums
1 can sliced mushrooms
3-4 green peppers
1 onion
4 beef bouillon cubes
1 pkg. onion soup mix
salt, pepper, basil,
2 garlic
Brown meat.
Sauté mushrooms, green peppers and onion.
Add to meat, then add other ingredients.
Simmer 1 hour.
Serve on kaiser rolls or sandwich buns.

Sausage, pepper and onion hoagies
3/4 lb. each sweet Italian sausage and hot Italian sausage
2 T. olive oil
2 garlic
1 onion, sliced
2 cubanelle peppers, seeded, sliced
1 red bell pepper
2-3 jarred hot cherry peppers, banana peppers, or pepperonci, finely chopped
3 T. hot pepper juice, from jar
4 sub rolls
1 T. olive oil
3 T. butter
1 garlic
1 1/2 t. dried Italian seasoning, 1/2 t. each oregano, thyme, and parsley
Place sausages in skillet.
Pierce casings with fork.
Add 1” water to pan.
Bring water to boil.
Cover, reduce heat and simmer 10 minutes.
In another skillet over medium heat add 2 T. oil.
Add garlic, onion, cubanelle and red peppers.
Season with salt and pepper.
Drain sausages and return pan to stove, raising heat to medium high.
Add a drizzle of oil, brown and crisp casings.
Remove and slice into 2 “ pieces on an angle and put back in pan to sear.
Split and toast bread under broiler.
Melt oil, butter over medium, add garlic and let sizzle 1-2 minutes.
Brush rolls with garlic butter and sprinkle with spices.
Combine peppers and onions to sausages, add hot peppers and juice.
Toss and stir.
Put on rolls.

Monster Snack:
Spicy Meat and Cheese Stromboli
1 tube refrigerated pizza dough (Pillsbury)
2 T. flour or corn meal
6 slices provolone
1/4 lb. pepperoni (about 24 slices)
6 slices Italian hot ham (Capocolla)
8 slices Genoa salami
2 T. olive oil
2 T. sesame seeds
2 t. Italian seasoning
2 T. grated Parmigiano or Romano
1 t. crushed red pepper flakes
1 t. garlic powder
pizza sauce
The Big Dipper: Simple Marinara Dipping Sauce
Heat oven to 400.
Break open dough.
Coat the dough with flour and roll out onto work surface.
Stretch out dough, gently spreading out the shape it has been formed into already.
Cut the dough into 4 equal pieces--cut it in half from top to bottom and side to side.
Cover each piece of dough with pizza sauce, 6 slices pepperoni, 1 1/2 slices cheese, 1 1/2 slices hot ham and 2 slices salami.
Roll each piece on an angle from corner to corner making a long roll that is thicken in the middle and thinner on each end.
Brush rolls with olive oil then mix sesame seeds, cheese and seasonings in a small cup, sprinkle and pat the mix into the dough.
Bake until golden 12-14 minutes.
Then serve with dipping sauce.
Marinara Dipping Sauce:
1 T. olive oil, 3 T. garlic, 1 t. hot red pepper flakes, 1 t. anchovy paste (optional but recommended), 1 T. chopped flat leaf parsley, 15 oz. crushed tomatoes, salt and pepper.
Heat small pot over medium heat.
Add oil, garlic, pepper flakes and anchovy paste.
Cook
2 minutes.
Add parsley, tomatoes, salt and pepper.
Stir sauce, bring to a bubble and simmer 5 minutes over low heat, place in bowl and serve.

Calorie Commando Cheese Steak
2 T. canola oil
1 onion, sliced
1 green pepper, sliced
2 cloves garlic
3/4 lb. smoked turkey, shredded
1 T. seasoning salt
2 t. Worcestershire sauce
2 oz. light Veleeta, cubed
2 (6 inch) Italian sandwich rolls
4 slice provolone
heat pan with oil over medium heat.
Add the onions and peppers and sauté about 2 minutes.
Add the garlic and stir until mixed.
Push onion mix to 1 side of pan.
On the other side put the turkey.
Stir until warm.
Combine all together, mix in seasoning salt and worcestershire.
Add the Velveeta and stir until melted.
Cut the rolls in half and divide the turkey mix among the rolls and top with cheese slices.
Put under broiler till cheese is melted.

Philly Cheese Steak Sandwich
The one I do for a group is italian or hoagie rolls, cheese whiz or provolone, deli roast beef, onions, green peppers, mushrooms (optional).
I put the roast beef on a bun, top with onions, green peppers, mushrooms which have been sautéed, top with cheese and bake at 400 for 5-10 minutes until cheese is melted.

Emerils Philly Cheese Steak
2 Italian or kaiser buns
1 onion, thinly sliced
1/2 green pepper, thinly sliced
1 t. garlic
1/2 t. salt
1/4t. pepper
1/2 lb. rib eye steak, thinly shaved/ sliced
1/3 lb. thinly sliced American, Provolone or 4 oz. cheese whiz
Heat oven to 200 to warm the buns.
Heat oil add onions, bell peppers and cook stirring until caramelized about 6 minutes.
Add the garlic, salt and pepper, and cook stirring for 30 seconds.
Push off to 1 side of the griddle.
Add the meat to the hot pan and cook, stirring and breaking up with the back of 2 metal spatulas, until almost no longer pink, about 2 minutes.
Mix in the onion mix.
Top with cheese slices and melt.
Spoon the cheesy meat mixture into the warm buns and serve.
Or, if using cheese whiz put the meat/veggie mix in a bun and spread cheese whiz on inside of bread.

Dive Brick Oven Mushroom and Turkey Cheese Sub (Top Secret Recipe)
4 mushrooms, sliced 1/2-3/4 c.
1 T. butter
6 oz. deli roasted turkey breast
salt
pepper
1/4 c. white cheddar dipping sauce--1/2 c. heavy cream, 1-2 oz. cheddar, 1 T. butter
7” baguette, sliced open
2 oz. Swiss cheese
For the sauce combine cream, cheese, and butter in small pan over medium heat and bring to a boil, reduce heat and simmer for 10 minutes.
The sauce should thicken.
If you don’t want to go through the effort, just buy a can of Campbell’s cheddar cheese soup and heat up.
Heat oven to 450.
Sauté the mushroom slices in the butter and season with salt and pepper.
Heat the breast in the microwave until warm.
Cut the baguette so that with the top off it looks like a “v” but
do not cut all the way through.
Inside the v
Spread some of the cheese sauce, turkey breast more cheese sauce, mushrooms.
Bake the sandwich for 4 minutes.
Put Swiss or provolone on top and bake 2 minutes more until the cheese melts.
Put top on and slice in half for eating.
I generally just use sub buns.
